feat: Implement MAAS HAProxy TCP relations (#571)
canonical/maas-charms: maas-region/requirements.txt

botocore >=1.42.21, <1.43.0

# For Grafana agent
cosl
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http>=1.21.0

> # smallest pydantic version that satsfies the haproxy tcp library (haproxy charm uses 2.12.5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The smallest Pydantic version that satisfies the `haproxy.v0.haproxy_route_tcp` library (HAProxy charm uses `2.12.5`)
```

botocore >=1.42.21, <1.43.0

# For Grafana agent

> # pydantic < 2

Reviewer: I do not understand the changes here. Given that Grafana agent is something we have to relate to in case of Observability (or [otel collector](https://charmhub.io/opentelemetry-collector)), are we sure that it is not breaking with this change?
